---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_coupon Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_coupon (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `amount_off` (Number) A positive integer representing the amount to subtract from an invoice total (required if `percent_off` is not passed).
- `applies_to_products` (List of String)
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO code for the currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies) of the `amount_off` parameter (required if `amount_off` is passed).
- `currency_options` (Block List) Coupons defined in each available currency option (only supported if `amount_off` is passed). Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--currency_options))
- `duration` (String) Specifies how long the discount will be in effect if used on a subscription. Defaults to `once`.
- `duration_in_months` (Number) Required only if `duration` is `repeating`, in which case it must be a positive integer that specifies the number of months the discount will be in effect.
- `max_redemptions` (Number) A positive integer specifying the number of times the coupon can be redeemed before it's no longer valid. For example, you might have a 50% off coupon that the first 20 readers of your blog can use.
- `name` (String) Name of the coupon displayed to customers on, for instance invoices, or receipts. By default the `id` is shown if `name` is not set.
- `percent_off` (Number) A positive float larger than 0, and smaller or equal to 100, that represents the discount the coupon will apply (required if `amount_off` is not passed).
- `redeem_by` (Number) Unix timestamp specifying the last time at which the coupon can be redeemed. After the redeem_by date, the coupon can no longer be applied to new customers.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique string of your choice that will be used to identify this coupon when applying it to a customer. If you don't want to specify a particular code, you can leave the ID blank and we'll generate a random code for you.

<a id="nestedblock--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options`

Required:

- `amount_off` (Number)
- `key` (String) Key for this field in parent map (synthetic to work around Terraform limitations)


