---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_customers Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_customers (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (Map of String) The customer's address.
- `balance` (Number) An integer amount in cents (or local equivalent) that represents the customer's current balance, which affect the customer's future invoices. A negative amount represents a credit that decreases the amount due on an invoice; a positive amount increases the amount due on an invoice.
- `cash_balance` (Map of String) Balance information and default balance settings for this customer.
- `coupon` (String)
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string that you can attach to a customer object. It is displayed alongside the customer in the dashboard.
- `email` (String) Customer's email address. It's displayed alongside the customer in your dashboard and can be useful for searching and tracking. This may be up to *512 characters*.
- `invoice_prefix` (String) The prefix for the customer used to generate unique invoice numbers. Must be 3–12 uppercase letters or numbers.
- `invoice_settings` (Map of String) Default invoice settings for this customer.
- `name` (String) The customer's full name or business name.
- `next_invoice_sequence` (Number) The sequence to be used on the customer's next invoice. Defaults to 1.
- `payment_method` (String)
- `phone` (String) The customer's phone number.
- `preferred_locales` (List of String) Customer's preferred languages, ordered by preference.
- `promotion_code` (String) The API ID of a promotion code to apply to the customer. The customer will have a discount applied on all recurring payments. Charges you create through the API will not have the discount.
- `shipping` (Map of String) The customer's shipping information. Appears on invoices emailed to this customer.
- `source` (String)
- `tax` (Map of String) Tax details about the customer.
- `tax_exempt` (String) The customer's tax exemption. One of `none`, `exempt`, or `reverse`.
- `tax_id_data` (List of Map of Object) The customer's tax IDs.
- `test_clock` (String) ID of the test clock to attach to the customer.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


