---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_payment_link Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_payment_link (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `after_completion_hosted_confirmation_custom_message` (String) The custom message that is displayed to the customer after the purchase is complete.
- `after_completion_redirect_url` (String) The URL the customer will be redirected to after the purchase is complete.
- `after_completion_type` (String) The specified behavior after the purchase is complete.
- `allow_promotion_codes` (Boolean) Enables user redeemable promotion codes.
- `application_fee_amount` (Number) The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. Can only be applied when there are no line items with recurring prices.
- `application_fee_percent` (Number) A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice subtotal that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. There must be at least 1 line item with a recurring price to use this field.
- `automatic_tax_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, tax will be calculated automatically using the customer's location.
- `billing_address_collection` (String) Configuration for collecting the customer's billing address.
- `consent_collection_promotions` (String) If set to `auto`, enables the collection of customer consent for promotional communications.
- `consent_collection_terms_of_service` (String) If set to `required`, it requires cutomers to accept the terms of service before being able to pay. If set to `none`, customers won't be shown a checkbox to accept the terms of service.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies) and supported by each line item's price.
- `custom_text_shipping_address_message` (String) Text may be up to 500 characters in length.
- `custom_text_submit_message` (String) Text may be up to 500 characters in length.
- `customer_creation` (String) Configures whether [checkout sessions](https://stripe.com/docs/api/checkout/sessions) created by this payment link create a [Customer](https://stripe.com/docs/api/customers).
- `on_behalf_of` (String) The account on behalf of which to charge.
- `payment_intent_data_capture_method` (String) Indicates when the funds will be captured from the customer's account.
- `payment_intent_data_setup_future_usage` (String) Indicates that you intend to make future payments with the payment method collected during checkout.
- `payment_method_collection` (String) Specify whether Checkout should collect a payment method. When set to `if_required`, Checkout will not collect a payment method when the total due for the session is 0.This may occur if the Checkout Session includes a free trial or a discount.

Can only be set in `subscription` mode.

If you'd like information on how to collect a payment method outside of Checkout, read the guide on [configuring subscriptions with a free trial](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/checkout/free-trials).
- `payment_method_types` (List of String) The list of payment method types that customers can use. If no value is passed, Stripe will dynamically show relevant payment methods from your [payment method settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods) (20+ payment methods [supported](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/payment-methods/integration-options#payment-method-product-support)).
- `phone_number_collection_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, a phone number will be collected during checkout.
- `shipping_address_collection_allowed_countries` (List of String) An array of two-letter ISO country codes representing which countries Checkout should provide as options for shipping locations. Unsupported country codes: `AS, CX, CC, CU, HM, IR, KP, MH, FM, NF, MP, PW, SD, SY, UM, VI`.
- `shipping_options` (Block List) The shipping rate options to apply to [checkout sessions](https://stripe.com/docs/api/checkout/sessions) created by this payment link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--shipping_options))
- `submit_type` (String) Describes the type of transaction being performed in order to customize relevant text on the page, such as the submit button. Changing this value will also affect the hostname in the [url](https://stripe.com/docs/api/payment_links/payment_links/object#url) property (example: `donate.stripe.com`).
- `subscription_data_description` (String) The subscription's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription.
- `subscription_data_trial_period_days` (Number) Integer representing the number of trial period days before the customer is charged for the first time.
- `tax_id_collection_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether tax ID collection is enabled for the session.
- `transfer_data_amount` (Number) The amount in %s that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.
- `transfer_data_destination` (String) The connected account receiving the transfer.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `line_items_data` (List of Object) Details about each object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--line_items_data))
- `line_items_has_more` (Boolean) True if this list has another page of items after this one that can be fetched.
- `line_items_object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value. Always has the value `list`.
- `line_items_url` (String) The URL where this list can be accessed.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `url` (String) The public URL that can be shared with customers.

<a id="nestedblock--shipping_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shipping_options`

Optional:

- `shipping_rate` (String) The ID of the Shipping Rate to use for this shipping option.

Read-Only:

- `shipping_amount` (Number) A non-negative integer in cents representing how much to charge.


<a id="nestedatt--line_items_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data`

Read-Only:

- `amount_discount` (Number)
- `amount_subtotal` (Number)
- `amount_tax` (Number)
- `amount_total` (Number)
- `currency` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `discounts` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--discounts))
- `id` (String)
- `object` (String)
- `price_active` (Boolean)
- `price_billing_scheme` (String)
- `price_created` (Number)
- `price_currency` (String)
- `price_currency_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_currency_options))
- `price_custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number)
- `price_custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number)
- `price_custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number)
- `price_id` (String)
- `price_livemode` (Boolean)
- `price_lookup_key` (String)
- `price_metadata` (Map of String)
- `price_nickname` (String)
- `price_object` (String)
- `price_product` (String)
- `price_recurring_aggregate_usage` (String)
- `price_recurring_interval` (String)
- `price_recurring_interval_count` (Number)
- `price_recurring_usage_type` (String)
- `price_tax_behavior` (String)
- `price_tiers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_tiers))
- `price_tiers_mode` (String)
- `price_transform_quantity_divide_by` (Number)
- `price_transform_quantity_round` (String)
- `price_type` (String)
- `price_unit_amount` (Number)
- `price_unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `quantity` (Number)
- `taxes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--taxes))

<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--discounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.discounts`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number)
- `discount_checkout_session` (String)
- `discount_coupon_amount_off` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_applies_to_products` (List of String)
- `discount_coupon_created` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_currency` (String)
- `discount_coupon_currency_options` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--discounts--discount_coupon_currency_options))
- `discount_coupon_duration` (String)
- `discount_coupon_duration_in_months` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_id` (String)
- `discount_coupon_livemode` (Boolean)
- `discount_coupon_max_redemptions` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_metadata` (Map of String)
- `discount_coupon_name` (String)
- `discount_coupon_object` (String)
- `discount_coupon_percent_off` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_redeem_by` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_times_redeemed` (Number)
- `discount_coupon_valid` (Boolean)
- `discount_customer` (String)
- `discount_end` (Number)
- `discount_id` (String)
- `discount_invoice` (String)
- `discount_invoice_item` (String)
- `discount_object` (String)
- `discount_promotion_code` (String)
- `discount_start` (Number)
- `discount_subscription` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--discounts--discount_coupon_currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.discounts.discount_coupon_currency_options`

Read-Only:

- `amount_off` (Number)
- `key` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.price_currency_options`

Read-Only:

- `custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number)
- `custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number)
- `custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number)
- `key` (String)
- `tax_behavior` (String)
- `tiers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_currency_options--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_currency_options--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.price_currency_options.tiers`

Read-Only:

- `flat_amount` (Number)
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String)
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `up_to` (Number)



<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--price_tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.price_tiers`

Read-Only:

- `flat_amount` (Number)
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String)
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `up_to` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--line_items_data--taxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `line_items_data.taxes`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number)
- `rate_active` (Boolean)
- `rate_country` (String)
- `rate_created` (Number)
- `rate_description` (String)
- `rate_display_name` (String)
- `rate_id` (String)
- `rate_inclusive` (Boolean)
- `rate_jurisdiction` (String)
- `rate_livemode` (Boolean)
- `rate_metadata` (Map of String)
- `rate_object` (String)
- `rate_percentage` (Number)
- `rate_state` (String)
- `rate_tax_type` (String)


