---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_prices Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_prices (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

### Optional

- `billing_scheme` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit` or `tiered`. `per_unit` indicates that the fixed amount (specified in `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal`) will be charged per unit in `quantity` (for prices with `usage_type=licensed`), or per unit of total usage (for prices with `usage_type=metered`). `tiered` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using a tiering strategy as defined using the `tiers` and `tiers_mode` attributes.
- `currency_options` (Map of String) Prices defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `custom_unit_amount` (Map of String) When set, provides configuration for the amount to be adjusted by the customer during Checkout Sessions and Payment Links.
- `lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve prices dynamically from a static string. This may be up to 200 characters.
- `nickname` (String) A brief description of the price, hidden from customers.
- `product` (String) The ID of the product that this price will belong to.
- `product_data` (Map of String) These fields can be used to create a new product that this price will belong to.
- `recurring` (Map of String) The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `usage_type`.
- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `tiers` (List of Map of Object) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`.
- `tiers_mode` (String) Defines if the tiering price should be `graduated` or `volume` based. In `volume`-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per unit price, in `graduated` tiering pricing can successively change as the quantity grows.
- `transfer_lookup_key` (Boolean) If set to true, will atomically remove the lookup key from the existing price, and assign it to this price.
- `transform_quantity` (Map of String) Apply a transformation to the reported usage or set quantity before computing the billed price. Cannot be combined with `tiers`.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A positive integer in cents (or local equivalent) (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge. One of `unit_amount` or `custom_unit_amount` is required, unless `billing_scheme=tiered`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


