---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_price Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_price (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_scheme` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit` or `tiered`. `per_unit` indicates that the fixed amount (specified in `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal`) will be charged per unit in `quantity` (for prices with `usage_type=licensed`), or per unit of total usage (for prices with `usage_type=metered`). `tiered` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using a tiering strategy as defined using the `tiers` and `tiers_mode` attributes.
- `currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

### Optional

- `currency_options` (Block List) Prices defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--currency_options))
- `custom_unit_amount_enabled` (Boolean)
- `custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.
- `lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve prices dynamically from a static string. This may be up to 200 characters.
- `nickname` (String) A brief description of the price, hidden from customers.
- `product` (String) The ID of the product that this price will belong to.
- `product_data_active` (Boolean)
- `product_data_id` (String)
- `product_data_metadata` (Map of String)
- `product_data_name` (String)
- `product_data_statement_descriptor` (String)
- `product_data_tax_code` (String)
- `product_data_unit_label` (String)
- `recurring_aggregate_usage` (String) Specifies a usage aggregation strategy for prices of `usage_type=metered`. Allowed values are `sum` for summing up all usage during a period, `last_during_period` for using the last usage record reported within a period, `last_ever` for using the last usage record ever (across period bounds) or `max` which uses the usage record with the maximum reported usage during a period. Defaults to `sum`.
- `recurring_interval` (String) The frequency at which a subscription is billed. One of `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.
- `recurring_interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals (specified in the `interval` attribute) between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months.
- `recurring_usage_type` (String) Configures how the quantity per period should be determined. Can be either `metered` or `licensed`. `licensed` automatically bills the `quantity` set when adding it to a subscription. `metered` aggregates the total usage based on usage records. Defaults to `licensed`.
- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `tiers` (Block List) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tiers))
- `tiers_mode` (String) Defines if the tiering price should be `graduated` or `volume` based. In `volume`-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per unit price, in `graduated` tiering pricing can successively change as the quantity grows.
- `transfer_lookup_key` (Boolean) If set to true, will atomically remove the lookup key from the existing price, and assign it to this price.
- `transform_quantity_divide_by` (Number) Divide usage by this number.
- `transform_quantity_round` (String) After division, either round the result `up` or `down`.
- `unit_amount` (Number) A positive integer in cents (or local equivalent) (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge. One of `unit_amount` or `custom_unit_amount` is required, unless `billing_scheme=tiered`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents (or local equivalent) with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `type` (String) One of `one_time` or `recurring` depending on whether the price is for a one-time purchase or a recurring (subscription) purchase.

<a id="nestedblock--currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key for this field in parent map (synthetic to work around Terraform limitations)

Optional:

- `custom_unit_amount_enabled` (Boolean)
- `custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.
- `tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `tiers` (Block List) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--currency_options--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in %s to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) The unit amount in %s to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.

<a id="nestedblock--currency_options--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_options.tiers`

Required:

- `up_to` (Number) Up to and including to this quantity will be contained in the tier.

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (Number) Price for the entire tier.
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `flat_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (Number) Per unit price for units relevant to the tier.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.



<a id="nestedblock--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiers`

Required:

- `up_to` (Number) Up to and including to this quantity will be contained in the tier.

Optional:

- `flat_amount` (Number) Price for the entire tier.
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `flat_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.
- `unit_amount` (Number) Per unit price for units relevant to the tier.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) Same as `unit_amount`, but contains a decimal value with at most 12 decimal places.


