---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_promotion_code Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_promotion_code (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `code` (String) The customer-facing code. Regardless of case, this code must be unique across all active promotion codes for a specific customer. If left blank, we will generate one automatically.
- `customer` (String) The customer that this promotion code can be used by. If not set, the promotion code can be used by all customers.
- `expires_at` (Number) The timestamp at which this promotion code will expire. If the coupon has specified a `redeems_by`, then this value cannot be after the coupon's `redeems_by`.
- `max_redemptions` (Number) A positive integer specifying the number of times the promotion code can be redeemed. If the coupon has specified a `max_redemptions`, then this value cannot be greater than the coupon's `max_redemptions`.
- `restrictions_currency_options` (Block List) Promotion code restrictions defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--restrictions_currency_options))
- `restrictions_first_time_transaction` (Boolean) A Boolean indicating if the Promotion Code should only be redeemed for Customers without any successful payments or invoices
- `restrictions_minimum_amount` (Number) Minimum amount required to redeem this Promotion Code into a Coupon (e.g., a purchase must be $100 or more to work).
- `restrictions_minimum_amount_currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO code](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies) for minimum_amount

### Read-Only

- `coupon_amount_off` (Number) Amount (in the `currency` specified) that will be taken off the subtotal of any invoices for this customer.
- `coupon_applies_to_products` (List of String) A list of product IDs this coupon applies to
- `coupon_created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `coupon_currency` (String) If `amount_off` has been set, the three-letter [ISO code for the currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies) of the amount to take off.
- `coupon_currency_options` (List of Object) Coupons defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--coupon_currency_options))
- `coupon_duration` (String) One of `forever`, `once`, and `repeating`. Describes how long a customer who applies this coupon will get the discount.
- `coupon_duration_in_months` (Number) If `duration` is `repeating`, the number of months the coupon applies. Null if coupon `duration` is `forever` or `once`.
- `coupon_id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `coupon_livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `coupon_max_redemptions` (Number) Maximum number of times this coupon can be redeemed, in total, across all customers, before it is no longer valid.
- `coupon_metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://stripe.com/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `coupon_name` (String) Name of the coupon displayed to customers on for instance invoices or receipts.
- `coupon_object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `coupon_percent_off` (Number) Percent that will be taken off the subtotal of any invoices for this customer for the duration of the coupon. For example, a coupon with percent_off of 50 will make a %s100 invoice %s50 instead.
- `coupon_redeem_by` (Number) Date after which the coupon can no longer be redeemed.
- `coupon_times_redeemed` (Number) Number of times this coupon has been applied to a customer.
- `coupon_valid` (Boolean) Taking account of the above properties, whether this coupon can still be applied to a customer.
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `times_redeemed` (Number) Number of times this promotion code has been used.

<a id="nestedblock--restrictions_currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions_currency_options`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key for this field in parent map (synthetic to work around Terraform limitations)

Optional:

- `minimum_amount` (Number) Minimum amount required to redeem this Promotion Code into a Coupon (e.g., a purchase must be $100 or more to work).


<a id="nestedatt--coupon_currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `coupon_currency_options`

Read-Only:

- `amount_off` (Number)
- `key` (String)


