---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_radar_value_list Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_radar_value_list (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The name of the value list for use in rules.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the value list.

### Optional

- `item_type` (String) Type of the items in the value list. One of `card_fingerprint`, `card_bin`, `email`, `ip_address`, `country`, `string`, `case_sensitive_string`, or `customer_id`. Use `string` if the item type is unknown or mixed.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `created_by` (String) The name or email address of the user who created this value list.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `list_items_data` (List of Object) Details about each object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list_items_data))
- `list_items_has_more` (Boolean) True if this list has another page of items after this one that can be fetched.
- `list_items_object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value. Always has the value `list`.
- `list_items_url` (String) The URL where this list can be accessed.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.

<a id="nestedatt--list_items_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list_items_data`

Read-Only:

- `created` (Number)
- `created_by` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `livemode` (Boolean)
- `object` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_list` (String)


