---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stripe_subscription_item Resource - stripe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stripe_subscription_item (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subscription` (String) The identifier of the subscription to modify.

### Optional

- `billing_thresholds_usage_gte` (Number) Usage threshold that triggers the subscription to create an invoice
- `payment_behavior` (String) Use `allow_incomplete` to transition the subscription to `status=past_due` if a payment is required but cannot be paid. This allows you to manage scenarios where additional user actions are needed to pay a subscription's invoice. For example, SCA regulation may require 3DS authentication to complete payment. See the [SCA Migration Guide](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/strong-customer-authentication) for Billing to learn more. This is the default behavior.

Use `default_incomplete` to transition the subscription to `status=past_due` when payment is required and await explicit confirmation of the invoice's payment intent. This allows simpler management of scenarios where additional user actions are needed to pay a subscription’s invoice. Such as failed payments, [SCA regulation](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/strong-customer-authentication), or collecting a mandate for a bank debit payment method.

Use `pending_if_incomplete` to update the subscription using [pending updates](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/pending-updates). When you use `pending_if_incomplete` you can only pass the parameters [supported by pending updates](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/pending-updates-reference#supported-attributes).

Use `error_if_incomplete` if you want Stripe to return an HTTP 402 status code if a subscription's invoice cannot be paid. For example, if a payment method requires 3DS authentication due to SCA regulation and further user action is needed, this parameter does not update the subscription and returns an error instead. This was the default behavior for API versions prior to 2019-03-14. See the [changelog](https://stripe.com/docs/upgrades#2019-03-14) to learn more.
- `price_data_currency` (String)
- `price_data_product` (String)
- `price_data_recurring_interval` (String)
- `price_data_recurring_interval_count` (Number)
- `price_data_tax_behavior` (String)
- `price_data_unit_amount` (Number)
- `price_data_unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `proration_behavior` (String) Determines how to handle [prorations](https://stripe.com/docs/subscriptions/billing-cycle#prorations) when the billing cycle changes (e.g., when switching plans, resetting `billing_cycle_anchor=now`, or starting a trial), or if an item's `quantity` changes.
- `proration_date` (Number) If set, the proration will be calculated as though the subscription was updated at the given time. This can be used to apply the same proration that was previewed with the [upcoming invoice](https://stripe.com/docs/api#retrieve_customer_invoice) endpoint.
- `quantity` (Number) The quantity you'd like to apply to the subscription item you're creating.

### Read-Only

- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `price_active` (Boolean) Whether the price can be used for new purchases.
- `price_billing_scheme` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit` or `tiered`. `per_unit` indicates that the fixed amount (specified in `unit_amount` or `unit_amount_decimal`) will be charged per unit in `quantity` (for prices with `usage_type=licensed`), or per unit of total usage (for prices with `usage_type=metered`). `tiered` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using a tiering strategy as defined using the `tiers` and `tiers_mode` attributes.
- `price_created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `price_currency` (String) Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).
- `price_currency_options` (List of Object) Prices defined in each available currency option. Each key must be a three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) and a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--price_currency_options))
- `price_custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number) The maximum unit amount the customer can specify for this item.
- `price_custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number) The minimum unit amount the customer can specify for this item. Must be at least the minimum charge amount.
- `price_custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number) The starting unit amount which can be updated by the customer.
- `price_id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `price_livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `price_lookup_key` (String) A lookup key used to retrieve prices dynamically from a static string. This may be up to 200 characters.
- `price_metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://stripe.com/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `price_nickname` (String) A brief description of the price, hidden from customers.
- `price_object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `price_product` (String) The ID of the product this price is associated with.
- `price_recurring_aggregate_usage` (String) Specifies a usage aggregation strategy for prices of `usage_type=metered`. Allowed values are `sum` for summing up all usage during a period, `last_during_period` for using the last usage record reported within a period, `last_ever` for using the last usage record ever (across period bounds) or `max` which uses the usage record with the maximum reported usage during a period. Defaults to `sum`.
- `price_recurring_interval` (String) The frequency at which a subscription is billed. One of `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.
- `price_recurring_interval_count` (Number) The number of intervals (specified in the `interval` attribute) between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months.
- `price_recurring_usage_type` (String) Configures how the quantity per period should be determined. Can be either `metered` or `licensed`. `licensed` automatically bills the `quantity` set when adding it to a subscription. `metered` aggregates the total usage based on usage records. Defaults to `licensed`.
- `price_tax_behavior` (String) Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
- `price_tiers` (List of Object) Each element represents a pricing tier. This parameter requires `billing_scheme` to be set to `tiered`. See also the documentation for `billing_scheme`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--price_tiers))
- `price_tiers_mode` (String) Defines if the tiering price should be `graduated` or `volume` based. In `volume`-based tiering, the maximum quantity within a period determines the per unit price. In `graduated` tiering, pricing can change as the quantity grows.
- `price_transform_quantity_divide_by` (Number) Divide usage by this number.
- `price_transform_quantity_round` (String) After division, either round the result `up` or `down`.
- `price_type` (String) One of `one_time` or `recurring` depending on whether the price is for a one-time purchase or a recurring (subscription) purchase.
- `price_unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in %s to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `price_unit_amount_decimal` (String) The unit amount in %s to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places. Only set if `billing_scheme=per_unit`.
- `tax_rates` (Block List) A list of [Tax Rate](https://stripe.com/docs/api/tax_rates) ids. These Tax Rates will override the [`default_tax_rates`](https://stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/create#create_subscription-default_tax_rates) on the Subscription. When updating, pass an empty string to remove previously-defined tax rates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tax_rates))

<a id="nestedatt--price_currency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_currency_options`

Read-Only:

- `custom_unit_amount_maximum` (Number)
- `custom_unit_amount_minimum` (Number)
- `custom_unit_amount_preset` (Number)
- `key` (String)
- `tax_behavior` (String)
- `tiers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--price_currency_options--tiers))
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--price_currency_options--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_currency_options.tiers`

Read-Only:

- `flat_amount` (Number)
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String)
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `up_to` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--price_tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_tiers`

Read-Only:

- `flat_amount` (Number)
- `flat_amount_decimal` (String)
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `up_to` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--tax_rates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tax_rates`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Defaults to `true`. When set to `false`, this tax rate cannot be used with new applications or Checkout Sessions, but will still work for subscriptions and invoices that already have it set.
- `country` (String) Two-letter country code ([ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)).
- `created` (Number) Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch.
- `description` (String) An arbitrary string attached to the tax rate for your internal use only. It will not be visible to your customers.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the tax rates as it will appear to your customer on their receipt email, PDF, and the hosted invoice page.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the object.
- `inclusive` (Boolean) This specifies if the tax rate is inclusive or exclusive.
- `jurisdiction` (String) The jurisdiction for the tax rate. You can use this label field for tax reporting purposes. It also appears on your customer’s invoice.
- `livemode` (Boolean) Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of [key-value pairs](https://stripe.com/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.
- `object` (String) String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value.
- `percentage` (Number) This represents the tax rate percent out of 100.
- `state` (String) [ISO 3166-2 subdivision code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2:US), without country prefix. For example, "NY" for New York, United States.
- `tax_type` (String) The high-level tax type, such as `vat` or `sales_tax`.


